Mr. Sun, what about this time?
I heard that your company
Looking for partners externally
partner
Yes, our company likes Su Qiao, that's all
Mr. Sun, I heard that
Your company has won the top exotic
Luxury clothing brand
Long-term cooperation with them
Utilize the productivity of our Su Group
I believe that if we can work together
Sure to achieve a win-win situation
This is our company information.
Please take a look.
I am talking about business with Sun Lei
for you
Mr. Sun, I'm afraid this is not good.
OK
Is that so?
Let's have a drink
Sorry, I don't drink.
Can't you learn?
We'll talk slowly when you finish this drink
Is Mr. Sun
Do you drink so 1 point to nourish the essence?